So I'm sitting in a business class and all of a sudden the subject of evolution comes up.
When my teacher asked me why, to give the reason why I don't believe in evolution, I remember
all I could say was just because I'm one of Jov's witnesses and that's my belief.
Many students actually believe, like they seem so sure that evolution is a fact.
My life could feel my hands getting, or like my palms getting sweaty and just nervous.
I felt intimidated.
I just sat there.
I felt paralyzed and I couldn't defend the truth.
Why can't I explain this?
I could explain why I don't sleep the flag so easily.
Why I don't celebrate birthday so easily?
I didn't understand why I couldn't explain this.
Specific topic.
I had doubts and I was asking myself questions like, does God really exist?
Is the Bible accurate?
So that day after I came home from school, I went to my mom and I asked her, you know,
this is what happened at school and I need answers.
I feel like I don't know what to do, especially since my parents were not serving Jehovah.
So I had to pray to Jehovah to help me.
So she sat me down at the computer, we went to JW.org and then in the search box, my mom
told me to type in anything that was the problem, what I had questions on.
So we typed in evolution, that's when I clicked on the origin of life brochure.
It just started like coming in, like everything started clicking as if like, you know, there's
a light bulb that went off.
So in one of the videos and the viewpoints on this origin of life section, it talked
about the brain and how the brain is so complex that billions and billions of neurons are connected
to one another.
It amazed me so much that how because of the brain, we can move our hands, we can move
our feet, we can do facial expressions, we can do so many things because of this great
part of the body, the brain.
It was, you know, the exact questions that I was having trouble understanding.
And each question, I, like, I was like, oh, I remember reading this in, you know, one
of the watchtowers with the books I was studying.
But it broke it down into ways that, you know, in words that are simple for me to understand
at that point.
So it was almost, you know, it felt like Jehovah was talking to me through this brochure
and it just, it felt, I was like, this is what I need to read.
And that's what helped me get through it.
So I thought to myself, this couldn't have been made just by chance, it couldn't just
exist by an accident, it had to be created, it had to be designed.
So I was able to go back and I went to my size class and I told my teacher, I was like,
I'm ready to explain why.
So here we go again, it's physics class, it's the same topic all over it.
But this time it was different.
I was able to defend my faith in Jehovah.
I realized that, you know, Jehovah always provides the answers to any topic, anything, I
just have to be willing to go and find it.
Whenever I have questions about anything, I look for the answers.
But first, I pray that Jehovah, and Jehovah has made it so easy for us to find the truth.
I'm totally convinced that whatever he says in the Bible, we can completely trust
him.